New EVM Bugfix Release v1.2.2 (#2384)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/evm/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 1.2.2 - 2022-10-26

> - Fixed `EIP-3540` bug where an EOF header combination was not rejected when calling, PR [#2381](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2381)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `EIP-3540` bug where EOF header validation was incorrectly applied to legacy contract code in EVM calls, PR [#2381](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2381)
```

I think the issue here was we were treating non EOF code (i.e. contract bytecode that didn't start with EOF) as EOF code.  Right, @jochem-brouwer ?

Author: Ok, applied.
